#summary How to acces Configuration properties

= Retreive a property =

Configuration class provide several methods to acces to a property :

  * getString()
  * getDatas()
  * getNumber()

You can also call a property on Configuration instance itself:
{{{
Conf.myProperty;
}}}

In any case, Configuration always return the solved value of the property, it mean all dependancies ( _${myDependancyProp}_ ) will be replaced by the correct value.

== getString ==
This method return the native value of the property (each conf props are stored as String even if prop have a complexe xml content).

{{{
Conf.getString( "myProperty" );
}}}

If the property have a simple content, the value of _text().toXMLString()_ is return.
If the property have a complexe content, the value of _children().toXMLString()_ is return.

But in this last case, you may prefered to use _getDatas()_ method.

== getDatas ==
This method return an XML representation of the given property. 
The _String_ value of the property is surrounded by a xml tag named with the local name of the prop, then returned as an XML object.

{{{
// XML

<confFile>
   <!-- create a complex property "complex" -->
   <complex>
      <a>hello</a>
      <b>world</b>
   </complex>

</confFile>

// AS

Conf.getString( "complex" );
// String value :
//
"<a>hello</a>
<b>world</b>"

Conf.getDatas( "complex" );
// XML Object :
//
<complex>
    <a>hello</a>
    <b>world</b>
</complex>


}}}

Notes :
  * this method always remove the namespace of the property  from the xml result.
  * A new instance of XML is created each to you call _getDatas()_ method.


== getNumber ==
This method cast the String value into Number value using _parseFloat()_ method.

== proxy acces ==
Configuration class extends _flash.utils.Proxy_. So you can acces to properties on the instance itself.
 * If prop has simple content, the String value is return as using _getString()_ method.
 * If prop has complexe content, a XML is return, as using _getDatas()_ method

You can also use Namespace when using the _Proxy_ acces. ( see 

{{{
Conf.myProperty;
}}}