flowearthv2.5.224  -  FP9
node description 1 : 56 ms
node description 2 : 252 ms
500 activations : 99 ms
constructorTest 1 : 4 ms
constructorTest 2 : 5 ms
appendTest : 3 ms
fill array : 100 ms
split cast in vector : 6 ms
join : 9 ms

flowearthv2.5.224  -  FP9
node description 1 : 57 ms
node description 2 : 272 ms
500 activations : 100 ms
constructorTest 1 : 3 ms
constructorTest 2 : 4 ms
appendTest : 2 ms
fill array : 80 ms
split cast in vector : 6 ms
join : 9 ms

flowearthv2.5.224  -  FP9
node description 1 : 56 ms
node description 2 : 264 ms
500 activations : 100 ms
constructorTest 1 : 4 ms
constructorTest 2 : 3 ms
appendTest : 3 ms
fill array : 83 ms
split cast in vector : 7 ms
join : 10 ms
